Welcome to hk fitness i
am alex today i'll show you one
delicious quark variant would be a snickers
make quark and I'll ask you now
once the ingredients for this woman
so need for our sneakers clark
I have a mixing bowl here
lean so quark 0.2 percent
then if you look sweet liquid sweetener
I then a bug cacau for
crash in the taste we have peanut
butter crunchy from may protein i can
link again and still
so that the character of the plane becomes
Milk than before 14 could care less
other things can also take and sprudel
to embellish later stop
still the sugar-free café you like that
First of all, I will now the first
quark- like mixing bowl give that
are now 500 grams I would be here
completely pure
Well, the quark is just something for the
echoes several portions you can
ye eat, or even immediately directly
for the next day take
then I'm going to go now again
and hit a tablespoon
I will always do that
stir equally the two to three
such a good feeling
grandmother
at the castle mother
2 s
that flowed fritter beautiful quarter were
some food there without sugar
is yes how could buy in the supermarket
one also use
but now we have the version here
thankful of the forest floor
so you can see from the
consistency is that he is firm
So I'll be a little bit more
add milk
Carefully lose everything with that too
Handmixer wants to become an electric
I could actually do that
As I said, how does Riesling give the
carbonic acid you have one more
a bit with creamy and airy heights
do not scan in the first room
image
I
so definitely laxey fabric
a lot of stuff in any case
2 s for that we taste it
the tw
Lisbon
to castrate something until now
So the strip show is chloride and creamy
that cause me in the net
3 first impression
coffee shop caramel zero pretty much
Liquid is the bottles fans can
now lecturers
special father was a job
alternative to normal sneakers
to produce
is fairly liquid dosage
then be that for the next video tour
second is over now is less
videos are coming
work-related problem but as I said
I still need many videos for you
thanks to the portal facebook and how much
fun while copying and then until the
next video